# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --no-hashes
2to3==1.0
    # via walmart-eda
agate==1.9.1
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-postgres
    #   walmart-eda
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   walmart-eda
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   starlette
    #   walmart-eda
    #   watchfiles
appnope==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   walmart-eda
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   walmart-eda
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   walmart-eda
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   stack-data
    #   walmart-eda
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   walmart-eda
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   agate
    #   walmart-eda
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   walmart-eda
bleach==6.2.0
    # via
    #   panel
    #   walmart-eda
bokeh==3.6.3
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
    #   walmart-eda
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   requests
    #   walmart-eda
cffi==1.17.1 ; implementation_name == 'pypy'
    # via pyzmq
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   binaryornot
    #   walmart-eda
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   walmart-eda
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   marimo
    #   mesa
    #   rich-click
    #   solara-server
    #   uvicorn
    #   walmart-eda
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   dbt-common
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
    #   walmart-eda
colorcet==3.1.0
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
    #   walmart-eda
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   walmart-eda
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
    #   walmart-eda
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via
    #   mesa
    #   walmart-eda
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   walmart-eda
daff==1.3.46
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   walmart-eda
datashader==0.17.0
    # via walmart-eda
dbt-adapters==1.14.8
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-postgres
    #   walmart-eda
dbt-common==1.23.0
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-postgres
    #   walmart-eda
dbt-core==1.9.4
    # via
    #   dbt-postgres
    #   walmart-eda
dbt-extractor==0.6.0
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   walmart-eda
dbt-postgres==1.9.0
    # via walmart-eda
dbt-semantic-interfaces==0.7.4
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   walmart-eda
debugpy==1.8.13
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   walmart-eda
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   walmart-eda
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   walmart-eda
dj-database-url==2.3.0
    # via walmart-eda
django==5.2.4
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework
    #   walmart-eda
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via walmart-eda
django-stubs==5.2.2
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   walmart-eda
django-stubs-ext==5.2.2
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   walmart-eda
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via walmart-eda
djangorestframework-stubs==3.16.1
    # via walmart-eda
docutils==0.22
    # via marimo
dotenv==0.9.9
    # via walmart-eda
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   stack-data
    #   walmart-eda
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   walmart-eda
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   walmart-eda
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via walmart-eda
greenlet==3.2.4 ; (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'AMD64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'WIN32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'aarch64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'amd64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'ppc64le') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'win32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'x86_64')
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via walmart-eda
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   uvicorn
    #   walmart-eda
holoviews==1.20.2
    # via walmart-eda
humanize==4.12.2
    # via
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   walmart-eda
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   walmart-eda
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   walmart-eda
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
ipython==9.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   walmart-eda
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   walmart-eda
ipyvue==1.11.2
    # via
    #   ipyvuetify
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
ipyvuetify==1.11.1
    # via
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
ipywidgets==8.1.6
    # via
    #   ipyvue
    #   reacton
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   agate
    #   dbt-common
    #   walmart-eda
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via marimo
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   marimo
    #   walmart-eda
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   kmodes
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   walmart-eda
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   nbformat
    #   walmart-eda
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   walmart-eda
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbformat
    #   walmart-eda
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.14
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   walmart-eda
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   walmart-eda
kmodes==0.12.2
    # via walmart-eda
leather==0.4.0
    # via
    #   agate
    #   walmart-eda
levenshtein==0.27.1
    # via
    #   python-levenshtein
    #   walmart-eda
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via
    #   panel
    #   walmart-eda
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
    #   walmart-eda
loro==1.6.0
    # via marimo
marimo==0.15.2
    # via walmart-eda
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   marimo
    #   panel
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   panel
    #   rich
    #   walmart-eda
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   walmart-eda
mashumaro==3.14
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   walmart-eda
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   mesa
    #   seaborn
    #   walmart-eda
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   walmart-eda
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via
    #   panel
    #   walmart-eda
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   walmart-eda
mesa==2.1.2
    # via walmart-eda
mesa-viz-tornado==0.1.3
    # via
    #   mesa
    #   walmart-eda
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   walmart-eda
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   mashumaro
    #   walmart-eda
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   walmart-eda
narwhals==2.3.0
    # via marimo
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   walmart-eda
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   mesa
    #   walmart-eda
numba==0.61.0
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
    #   walmart-eda
numpy==2.1.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
    #   kmodes
    #   matplotlib
    #   mesa
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   solara-ui
    #   umap-learn
    #   walmart-eda
    #   xarray
    #   xgboost
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.28.3 ; platform_machine != 'aarch64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via xgboost
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   deepdiff
    #   walmart-eda
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   datashader
    #   dbt-core
    #   gunicorn
    #   holoviews
    #   ipykernel
    #   marimo
    #   matplotlib
    #   panel
    #   pytest
    #   walmart-eda
    #   xarray
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
    #   mesa
    #   panel
    #   seaborn
    #   walmart-eda
    #   xarray
panel==1.6.1
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   walmart-eda
param==2.2.0
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
    #   pyct
    #   pyviz-comms
    #   walmart-eda
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via
    #   agate
    #   walmart-eda
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   jedi
    #   walmart-eda
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   walmart-eda
pdb-tools==2.5.0
    # via walmart-eda
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   walmart-eda
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   walmart-eda
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   walmart-eda
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   walmart-eda
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   walmart-eda
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   marimo
    #   walmart-eda
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via walmart-eda
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   dbt-postgres
    #   walmart-eda
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   walmart-eda
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   stack-data
    #   walmart-eda
pycparser==2.22 ; implementation_name == 'pypy'
    # via cffi
pyct==0.5.0
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   walmart-eda
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   walmart-eda
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   walmart-eda
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   marimo
    #   rich
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
pymdown-extensions==10.14.3
    # via
    #   marimo
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via
    #   umap-learn
    #   walmart-eda
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   walmart-eda
pytest==8.3.5
    # via walmart-eda
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   walmart-eda
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   dotenv
    #   walmart-eda
python-levenshtein==0.27.1
    # via walmart-eda
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   agate
    #   cookiecutter
    #   walmart-eda
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via
    #   agate
    #   walmart-eda
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-core
    #   pandas
    #   walmart-eda
pyviz-comms==3.0.4
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
    #   walmart-eda
pywin32==311 ; platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   marimo
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   walmart-eda
pyzmq==26.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   walmart-eda
rapidfuzz==3.12.2
    # via
    #   levenshtein
    #   walmart-eda
reacton==1.9.1
    # via
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   walmart-eda
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   datashader
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   panel
    #   snowplow-tracker
    #   solara-ui
    #   walmart-eda
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   rich-click
    #   walmart-eda
rich-click==1.8.8
    # via
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   walmart-eda
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   kmodes
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
    #   walmart-eda
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   kmodes
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   umap-learn
    #   walmart-eda
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via walmart-eda
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   walmart-eda
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   walmart-eda
snowplow-tracker==1.1.0
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   walmart-eda
solara==1.45.0
    # via
    #   mesa
    #   walmart-eda
solara-server==1.45.0
    # via
    #   solara
    #   walmart-eda
solara-ui==1.45.0
    # via
    #   solara
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via walmart-eda
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   django
    #   walmart-eda
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   walmart-eda
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   marimo
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   python-slugify
    #   walmart-eda
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   walmart-eda
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via marimo
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   walmart-eda
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   mesa-viz-tornado
    #   walmart-eda
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   mesa
    #   panel
    #   umap-learn
    #   walmart-eda
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbformat
    #   walmart-eda
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   walmart-eda
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250516
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   walmart-eda
types-requests==2.32.4.20250611
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   walmart-eda
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via walmart-eda
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   mashumaro
    #   panel
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   reacton
    #   rich-click
    #   snowplow-tracker
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
    #   walmart-eda
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   walmart-eda
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   agate
    #   django
    #   pandas
    #   walmart-eda
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via
    #   linkify-it-py
    #   walmart-eda
umap==0.1.1
    # via walmart-eda
umap-learn==0.5.9.post2
    # via walmart-eda
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
    #   walmart-eda
uvicorn==0.34.1
    # via
    #   marimo
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   walmart-eda
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   walmart-eda
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   marimo
    #   solara-server
    #   walmart-eda
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   walmart-eda
xarray==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   walmart-eda
xgboost==3.0.0
    # via walmart-eda
xyzservices==2025.1.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   walmart-eda
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   walmart-eda
